next let's come to the Chinese word for
pineapple actually I am going to teach
you two words one is for law and the
other is for me because both words are
commonly used first is bull or they have
something in common that is the grass
radical in both characters and the lower
part of the first character bull is
exactly the pronunciation of or in below
and the second character is the same the
lower part it's exactly the
pronunciation of the whole character law
world war and the second word I would
like to teach you is only people in
myself in the south of China they call
pineapple for me but in the north we
would like to say boa
but both characters are very common
phone like we know that is in such kind
of enclosed structure we write the
outside structure first and then
something inside and this Li I I don't
know if you still remember the e means
pear phone li
okay let me write the two words for you
again from top to bottom from left to
right
voila
this is one stroke
and only for pineapple